Documentation Refresh (#1010)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/howto/configure/auth-management.md

   - Create [a new app](https://github.com/organizations/2i2c-org/settings/applications/new) inside the
     `2i2c-org`.
   - When naming the application, please follow the convention `<CLUSTER_NAME>-<HUB_NAME>` for consistency, e.g. `2i2c-staging` is the OAuth app for the staging hub running on the 2i2c cluster.

>    - The Homepage URL should match that in the `domain` field of the appropriate `<hub_name>.values.yaml` file in the `infrastructure` repo.

Author: ```suggestion
   - The Homepage URL should match that in the `domain` field of the appropriate `cluster.yaml` file in the `infrastructure` repo.
```

          hub:
            config:
              GitHubOAuthenticator:

>                 oauth_callback_url: https://{{ HUB_DOMAIN }}/hub/oauth_callback

Reviewer: Hmm, I'm not sure I understand why this is being removed? sorry :blush:

Author: It gets moved to the section below that _won't_ be `sops` encrypted. I don't see a need for the hub oauth callback URL to be encrypted.

Author: Gets added again here https://github.com/2i2c-org/infrastructure/pull/1010/files#diff-93bc32e20dd98e9580a554df1df633361f26bf66395672281e4643a9711bb06bR140

Reviewer: Oh, makes sense now! Thanks

    `sops -i -e secrets/config/clusters/*.cluster.yaml`
    ```

3. **Set the hub to _not_ configure Auth0 in the `config/clusters/CLUSTER_NAME/cluster.yaml` file.**
   To ensure the deployer does not provision and configure an OAuth app from Auth0, the following config should be added to the appropriate hub in the cluster's cluster.yaml` file.

   ```yaml
   hubs:
     - name: HUB_NAME
       auth0:
       enabled: false
   ```

> 4. **Edit the non-secret config under `config/clusters/CLUSTER_NAME/HUB_NAME.values.yaml`.**

Author: ```suggestion
4. **Edit the non-secret config under `config/clusters/<cluster_name>/<hub_name>.values.yaml`.**
```
